boom did you go in in a motorcycle I did
you're a fucking animal in this day and
age in LA traffic but there's a there's
a bit of a Zen thing happening because
if you don't pay attention you could die
you know all right you know and I find
myself trying to have this field of view
and plus you can't be on the phone right
because I think sometimes when you drive
a car you forget to take the moment to
do nothing we're just sort of be for a
second yeah and you can listen to tunes
and it makes all the songs better like I
I don't know if I fully appreciate a
Judas Priest until I wrote a motorcycle
and could listen to music like so you
listen like in your head like you have
it enough you're that one has the luxury
of having a couple of them and but that
one's almost like the grandpa bike for
going to the movies but is it its
speakers or is it in the helmet its
speakers I don't do the helmet cuz
there's so much of that in my life
anyway it's like point-blank range yeah
and so it's it's almost like you kind of
end up rocking your head like that and
you're like breaking the law it's it's
sort of like flips your Bevis switch and
and it feels wonderful like the divin'd
in your hair yeah and getting here took
why don't know where you came from but I
I beat you here and I left but after you
did would you drive from like I can't I
was sort of over by Runyon Canyon okay
yeah if you live in like Orange County I
get it cuz that's really like the only
way you're gonna get here and not lose
your fucking mind
well it's something that's 21 miles away
is 25 minutes away legitimately yeah
yeah I mean there's a little bit of like
should I go stop here and also you're
always going to the front of traffic
which really is the safest place to be
at the very front
sure does everyone on each butt cheek
sort of you know the thing that freaks
me out there was the lane splitting like
so some people are just not paying
attention and some people some people
are going there last yeah that some
people work out there they're kinky
anger on you Oh on the bike you mean or
the collects
like no way if I'm stuck in this you're
stuck at this that is fucking weird man
that thing's weird
what kind of anger against motorcycles
like that they can they can get ahead
and you can't just it's it's beyond
motorcycles you know it's that angriness
of like their their emotional bank
accounts are low in that moment and
they're like how about you yeah you can
have that too it's like oh sharing the
wrong shit yeah that's I think it's
people that don't feel like there's a
way out of the life they're into there's
no there's no light in the top you have
the Missouri loves company where it's
just like welcome to the Missouri loves
company sit down and they're just like
it's just I don't know I've so much has
have been happening for me lately and I
just you have those things when they
click and you and then you can't unknown
once you've learned something yeah and
it's like I see how that is just really
attempting to elevate your own situation
by bringing someone down yes which is
impossible and it's so in that moment
that that's almost them doing the best
they can I know they're trying to kill
you but but it they're trying to cope
with something that's it just um maybe
the wrong way it's definitely the wrong
way nope
that's one of the weird things about
being a kid right like nobody really
tells you how to think nobody really
teaches you how to approach situations
in life and what's gonna help you and
what's not gonna help you at all no but
you learn some funky stuff instead yeah
you know what I mean and even when
you're learning the history of someone
it seems like they don't tell you how
they've wrestled with our motion to do
the right thing or or find a way to just
accept something right like how did they
get to accept that this was their
decision that they had to make right I
don't know there's not there's not much
there's not many guideposts for how to
treat yourself and other people but
there's like there's there's all sorts
of math and stuff like that yeah but
even history right there's a lot of
facts this happened then that happened
this is the date that this took place
but the actual accounts from the human
beings and even if you read it it's like
I want to see the person say it you know
I almost that's what the Ken Burns
version of all that the
one guy that Ken Burns a civil war one
who's kind of like was probably alive
then too it like just it seems like he's
so passionate about it and he's such a
good storyteller and so he's he's adding
the emotions of like you know when when
robert e lee was or up sorry uh the
other that the union guy uh
this delicious grant grant grant but had
a drinking problem but then was like ah
and he probably had from PTSD you know
and he's he's just telling that story
was such kind of emotional depth of it's
cool it's nice to watch that instead of
read it sometimes yeah I don't think any
of us are ever gonna be able to truly
understand what it was like to live
without television without radio without
cell phones and war like what and then
war inside the same continent with other
people that are supposed to be just like
you that speak the same language yeah
that you run the risk of own hey get hey
Gary
yeah if you live in like fucking
Virginia somewhere on the border you
could know the person who's acing you
sure and be like best of luck to Gary I
yeah I hope I do and don't get you I
don't know what the thing I was reading
this article too about how many murders
took place after the war was settled
where you know like for people like hey
you know we're not done bro yeah you
killed my whole fucking family yeah
they're like cool Lincoln we're good
yeah we're not good but after after what
would seem like a lifetime of that sort
of witnessing that and doing that and
watching things that you recognize as
injustice the idea of someone getting
stuck in the blame and and as a vendetta
and that I can I can see that I but you
see how that's really it's probably why
we're still having problems now it's
definitely some part of it right yeah
it's like my great great great great
told me yeah you know when people are
sort of like dipped in that kool-aid of
because it my great great great great
great felt this way mmm-hmm I'm supposed
to to because yeah we're related so dude
I'm almost done with this book I'm
listen
audiobook Empire the summer moon it is
fucking insane it's all of us at the war
Jamie Gary fucking Gary's fucking Gary
that's lucky
SC Gwyn gwy and n E and part of summer
moon it's all about the war with the
Plains tribes the Plains Plains Indians
versus the settlers is fucking insane
man it's insane it's like I all one
knows that there was European settlers
and they had conflict with Indians and
there was a lot of things that happened
but until you read like the accounts of
all the different battles and all the
things that happened and all the
slaughters and all the chaos and the
children and and and the message is sent
by more violent like oh dude and and you
think you're sending one message but
you're really giving the net the wrong
yeah I I can't I can't imagine and it's
so far away for maybe you and I yeah
that reading that is like it's like when
you don't think about it it's sort of
like it's just an app I don't use or
something in this day and age see if
they have a photo of Cynthia Ann Parker
there's a couple photos of this woman
who was a she was kidnapped by the by
the Comanches when she was nine and her
mother II one in her family was brutally
murdered there was a raid on her town
but they kidnapped her and she became a
part of the Comanches and she married a
chief and had babies with them and then
they they've captured her again when
with when these settlers this is a photo
this lady this lady became a Comanche
and then fucking hated coming back to
civilization oh she was the Comanche
finally lost and that's what was she was
not forced to do is we kidnapped see
that's a famous photo ver the one that
you just had Jamie in the left hand side
because she's breastfeeding and she has
a bear breast and she's doing this and
they used it for some sort of newspaper
or story and they never did that with
with like like a regular white woman
they did it with her because they wanted
to show that even though this woman was
raised you know until she was nine years
by white people she became a savage and
that's why they have her there
breastfeeding her half Indian baby it's
it's so sad man the story about her is
so sad because she didn't want to go
back well what you trying to escape what
what do you think the you know everyone
does something with some intention and I
think mostly people think they're it's a
good intention whether that works out or
not mm-hmm but what do you think that
the thought process was behind being
Comanche slaughtering everyone else and
saying we're gonna keep this this gal
and and and then kind of take her into
the fold that sounds like a lovingly
lovingly taken in the fold there's some
more pragmatic apparently according to
this book they they didn't have a high
birthrate because women would miscarry a
lot because they were on horses all the
time yeah cuz they rode horses they were
they were a wild fucking tribe man it
was really amazing reading the accounts
of rough what their life Comanche so
rough but they didn't have like pottery
and bats Caroline but they're rough yeah
I mean they remember war like they're
all bad war that was their whole thing
and war with other tribes yeah just
pretty much previous oh yeah where the
Europeans came they were fucking
everybody up they fucked everybody up
the Comanches were just ruthless man
yeah they did was kill Buffalo and eat
buffalo meat they were just eating meat
and just riding horses and fucking
people up okay that part sounded
delicious amazing right buffalo meat
open fire
I mean there's something incredible with
your family you know just with a it's
one of the things about Native Americans
versus the Western settlers or the the
people that settled is that no one ever
liked Native Americans never wanted to
join European civilization it was not
their thing well yeah but Europeans did
join these try not just as Cynthia Ann
Parker lady but a bunch a bunch of
people just made friends with the
Indians learn the language it became a
part of their culture and they were like
fuck you and your yeah you can stores
and all your bullshit you want to have
tea in the middle of the day here
dressed like that it's sort of like
settlers come in and what there's what
they're settling for is that they're
gonna try to make the rest of the world
look like what they are
and they won't be able to so we'll
settle for whatever we get and then
there's these other people that are just
sort of living a good downstream it
seems like the settlers are fighting
upstream Oh ISM and the Indians are just
living downstream they're going with
what's there yeah they're with what
they're becoming part of the land
instead of we should really force this
thing in to make it sit
they were so vacant ruthless though man
so ruthless it's crazy to read all the
depictions all the things that they did
but it just the there's something so
insanely romantic about their like they
were talking about Cynthia and Parkers
but when they brought her back in her
thirties they brought her back to
civilization how difficult it was for
her to sort of reintegrate and that like
the world of the Comanche was like a
world of magic like in that everything
was regard there was wind gods and fire
gods and the trees were gods there was
like thousands of God now all sudden she
had to believe in one God well are just
like we're you're deliberately blocking
all those God's purposes right every
turn right yeah because if you I mean
who's to say that that like really
engaging with the gods of the wind and
all that mmm doesn't open this thing for
you for somebody because there wasn't
tons of people like you said trying to
be in the white world no it was that but
there was a shit ton of people a metric
fuck ton trying to be Comanche and yeah
Paiute and a met you know I mean there
must be something really wonderful to it
just maybe lacking the defense to stop
us well it didn't you know it didn't
work like their magic didn't protect
them from the white settlers but there
was something about the belief in that
magic well only the last group of them
yeah it did everyone else before all
things must come to an end the cycle out
of thing well what really got him was
disease they said that disease killed
somewhere in the neighborhood of 90
percent of the Native Americans which is
just incredible and that's also the
Aztecs it's a lot of civilizations that
encounter these dirty Europeans yeah
have you fucking have you ever been to
Teotihuacan no I've never been there I
heard it's amazing though
something really interesting happened to
me there now when I that not only is
this square that we went to and stand on
this earth mound and this guy whose
nickname was gorilla giving us this
wonderful tour I just have spot the most
romantic tour ever of this place
for such a rough place and he goes wait
right here and we're in this giant
square and he runs down this dirt mound
about I don't know say hundred and fifty
feet away 200 feet away and he goes can
you hear me
it was like oh my god I could hear him
he goes this square was built with these
mounds here to be able to speak at this
voice to 250,000 people whoa and I was
like what and then we walk and yeah I
there is that it up there yes well it's
okay it's that way and then go left and
you could look this way so you have to
look backwards yeah so so if we were to
see that square if we were to go
straight around that pyramid and make a
left that's where those mountains are
and and the other thing is in these
that's the same shot from a different
angle that's near were these hype these
shaman lifts this shaman had quarters
like an area of this place and there was
this there's these sort of things and I
said what are these to me he said their
reflection ponds I said Oh like for like
reflecting and goes no for reflecting
and I'd never considered that you don't
look at the stars by going yeah but that
really you've hooked down and you mark
so in seven years when it comes around
again you're like oh pattern as I'm
always like how do you look up and learn
a pattern of that right right right but
by looking down oh that's crazy so they
had ponds just to look at the reflection
of the stars and and map them out
yeah the shaman did that was like in
their neighborhood and if you the way we
were shaman is if you had a birthmark on
your head when you were born they
immediate were like two boards broke and
just put two ports and roped you and
began a lifetime of of like so you're a
shaman which if you had a lifetime of
that you'd be like hi shaman shop hey
shaman I mean it sounds like being born
a Roy always the shaman don't squeeze
the show even
weird right because you don't have a
history or a bloodline of it it's just
it's the study of what we are and that
that is significant mm-hmm because I
thought it felt to me immediate like
well everyone can't do that we need you
know you don't have a thing on you
so you yeah the birthmark yeah I mean
that's a really good good like entry you
know get the gate you know that's the
case with the Dalai Lama to I think they
found him when he was I thought once he
was nine how old was the dalai lama when
they found him but they just decided oh
you're a reincarnated holy man and so
you don't have to work ever again I know
but can you imagine being nine and
you're just like have two toys I'm like
huh you don't have to work but no pussy
ever what are you talking about I'd be
like mom these they say I'm you don't
know what you're missing yet yes before
you know it's just a weird choice that
and then people look to him like there's
something incredibly special about him
right he's the Dalai Lama but it's not
like he went through this long sort of
apprenticeship period where he meditated
and then became the Dalai Lama or yeah a
lot of 20 meditators or like you were
the quietest yeah you're the best bro
you the way you focus no he's fucking
hey focus on me for a sec gotta get out
of it you know how old was it does it
say I think he might have been almost I
think he's a little bit over 15 really
see that seems like a rough one yeah I'm
trying to read on it it says it took him
four years before you actually have like
we took the power of the Dalai Lama oh
he was so young he kept dropping it like
Gary get over here
either way he was this oh do you know
who else is a reincarnated holy person
Stephen Segal well duh
they read they they've decided one day
oh you you must be some spiritual
creature from another life well that
actually sounds a right that's a fairly
good description of him you're a
creature your physical creature from
another life but that's yeah there it is
in 1997 Lamar penor rinpoche from Pay
Pal Yul monastery announced that Seagal
was a Tulku
and specifically the reincarnation of
chun-li drag dorje a seventeenth-century
Turton thats not as a treasure revealer
that sounded like me reading in the 5th
grade
seems like it lumpur pimp achieve from
pally pally how many times you think I
got him laid twice three at least raised
well no he's got one in each hand this
gotta be someone that had sex with him
because they really thought that he was
a reincarnated holy man maybe like
someone from another country didn't
understand him well maybe it was llama
pen or Rinpoche from the Palio monastery
the only way to pass this on to you I
mean someone is anal he tricked somebody
that's incredible III wonder how many
people that works as an expression for
versus the amount of people they're like
what do you want on your sandwich you
know like he's like well I'm a magical
being and it's like would you just order
your food when you went to that to the
Aztec temple as a musician when you're
sitting there did you like did it make
sense like the acoustics like the way
it's set up does oh the the way the
sound works does it make sense to you
like I really contracted it it it left a
very lasting feeling of that we're
supposed to be here and that you know it
just it really restored a lot of faith
in humanity III didn't focus on the
ritualistic murder that was going on
there it was just the crew that's the
one set of people the other set of
people built this and they might and
they knew and you know much like the
great pyramids that are really you know
in the shape of Orion's belt exactly
that same concept of like what's going
on here matters mm-hm and if that is
your focus
think of how wonderful it can be you
know like how did those people know how
to make that with know you without the
you know they say without the wheel that
would be like really Amara seems the
same
yeah the Aztecs didn't have the wheel
right exactly yeah how the fuck did they
do all that well at least the way they
did it physically you can kind of like
that we know that they've they murdered
eighty thousand slaves in a period of
just a few days after the construction
of that temple yeah so that was like
don't tell me actually don't worry about
it I'll take care of it I think they say
that they were gonna be slaughtered I
think it was kind of like part of the
gig yeah well maybe they know that I
might be wrong about that
well III it doesn't with that many
people it wouldn't sound surprising that
you'd have some cooperation I mean it's
hard to imagine 80,000 people at once
going sorry what and not being like well
fuck this man yeah that sounds like a
cooperative event to me somehow unless
they were somehow another locked up and
they brought him out one by one that's
an awfully big cage of gnther yeah it
isn't yeah eighty thousand that's quite
an arena yeah yeah they could have to
build an extra one of those just to hold
them yeah that's like a giant football
arena if it'll it's that big
yeah it's that big and and that what
struck me as just because I play music
as I thought okay that means these
acoustics are so perfect like who do you
discover that are you in a canyon and
while this sounds can you hear me over
there and and then you sort of
triangulate and start doing the geometry
for how that works and like oh quick
someone invents yeah but geometry first
though cuz I don't know it's I mean how
does that you know how manifest itself
that understanding yeah how many
thousands of years did it take before
they figured out how to construct
something yeah we're someone on their
deathbed is like wait one last thing I
kind of thought acoustic sound kind of
bounces off shit you've got to be shaped
like this yeah but the Pythagorean
theorem I you know I've never been to
any of the Aztec temples but I went to
Chichen itz it's awesome the Mayan
temples and it just there that whenever
you ran out of place like that that's
just magical that's so fucking old and
so amazingly constructed you just think
what the fuck was it like to live back
there like do we have
terrible idea of what they were like of
course yeah we don't know well but it
sort of dawned on me at some point that
was like oh you mean the people that
wrote our history was wrote it as from
the perspective of by the way we're way
better way better but okay here's the
story of these other people Yeah right
like by some kind of dickhead winner
right right right
dickhead winner with guns yeah like
before we get started I'm better than
the person I'm gonna tell you about yeah
we can't even though we can't do what
they did because what is the emotion
when you when you're in that space I'm
trying I'm trying to think of the right
word to describe how I felt there right
and I guess oh right yeah it's it really
is it is ah but also there's a there's
almost yeah reverence and there's almost
like some strange gratitude yeah
like were you like thank you for I'm so
thankful to be part of this even just by
living in a time just to appreciate this
yeah yeah it there feels it soaks it
feels like knowledge expanding that I I
don't have so I just feel like oh if I
could have a piece of that if I could
understand a piece of that but just
standing there is sort of understanding
it right we have such an egotistical
perspective when it comes to our
personal civilization that we that like
this with the internet and with cars and
with planes and all that this is the
best way there's a word for it I can't
what art can you try to find such a
thing please what is the word I I know
there's a word for the word definition
is to believe that the era you were in
is the finest of them all yeah up to
this point I think yeah I've heard that
word I know where you're saying that is
it's some kind of dickhead syndrome at
exactly certainly was created by a man
there's some guy was like good yeah yeah
I don't think it was a girl if it was he
was like one of them all right Phil man
don't you wish that there was like a
supportive mother was like yes sure
honey you are the best - this is the
best yeah number was Li don't worry
about him it's you don't worry about him
guys he's fine you are the best
yeah it's like the same thing with the
Native Americans and the settlers that
the settlers were imposing
their lifestyle but the people that
experienced the Native American
lifestyle they wanted to stay living
like that for sure well III think
because it omitted some of the so many
of the things that the European culture
was bringing yes and and and I you can
it seems less like a distinct
possibility that the European
perspective like when Pizarro and all
that you know was a 12 of them
conquistadors killed like a thousand
natives in and a-come matter of hours
when you know when they land mm-hmm
they're looking for gold everywhere I'm
right at first they have this this
belief that something big will come
across the water and be their God and
here comes a ship with a bunch of dirty
assholes that literally factually dirty
assholes have written across a boat and
and you know I think about that
perspective where they obviously were
like these people are nice but I've had
enough of this well they should have
invented ships we're better so let's
kill everyone here yeah well that's what
I mean Cortez
yeah Cortez that's what it is yeah yeah
they didn't know what was going on
because I don't think the previous to
that time they'd ever seen anyone on a
horse before no and and they come across
you imagine a big boat and then a few
horses where they're like what the fuck
is yeah Gary come over and look at this
it's just it's impossible to fathom a
man riding a beast
they're probably in the fucking with
like rusty armor from being on a fucking
boat for months yeah like looking like
shit being desperately like turns like
that I imagine their relief when they
come up on these horses with this armor
and all this stuff and they're like
they're cool this is gonna be easy
you know I mean at first they they must
have thought maybe we could do this with
some goodwill but quickly it's like you
guys are too primitive we're just gonna
take over here I doubt they even thought
they were gonna do it with goodwill I
don't think there was any goodwill back
then I think people were just murdering
you think that there's perhaps that more
people took more lives in a way like for
per capita or something I think it was a
more brutal way of taking lives
sure people take more lives today in war
but I think back then it was just it was
hands-on right but it seems like more
percentage of the people that are alive
had an opportunity or the possibility to
kill someone yeah today yeah - so it's
like if you if you are with 150 people
all of which I've killed at least three
people right that's an interesting group
and then you land on a boat and you've
been there for months you're like maybe
maybe you are like we got to kill
somebody and rape something and take
something as quick as well you know I've
no idea what the fuck they're saying
because you can't speak to the language
so it's easy to just and they're being
nice so you're like they're gonna fuck
these people up in five four three big
silent enough it's bizarre well that's
the history of mankind is men showing up
in boats and killing everybody that they
met and then kind of doing their own
version of a selfie on the dead but yeah
right getting the sides yeah yeah yeah
have draw me I would imagine what it
would be like if you could be a fly on
the wall when Montezuma met Cortez just
to be there and see what that was like
when these people who had never
encountered Spaniards before and these
guys show up in these boats with two
absolutely different beliefs and
perspectives of what's about to go down
which craziest that is why Mexico speaks
Spanish because people don't get that in
their head like Oh max it's why all of
South America except for Brazil Brazil
is Portuguese yeah maybe we don't get it
in our head like Mexico speaks Spanish
why are they sent ass horses mean yeah
Spain's way the fuck over there how how
is will they speak Spanish yeah
like it's it makes no fucking sense but
then you realize like oh my god they
were conquered by the Spaniards whoa yes
in a long long time about in time ago
long fuck because I I because of having
a my music teacher as a as a young boy
drill the song in 1492 from Spain
through wind and storm and the Nina the
Pinta the scent that 1492 1492 which is
which by my watch is a long time ago it
is it is but it's not you know like I
had a joke my act about the United
States being founded in 1776 people live
to be a hundred that's three people ago
that's real I know it sounds fucked up
when you hear a funny yeah when you hear
it it sounds like you see right well
it's not right well what's funny that is
totally true yeah it is right I mean
that's yeah yeah that's right yeah the
thing is anything that happens before
you were born
seems like a million years ago of course
I know but also 1776 seems like
yesterday to me I've listened alive and
I'm ready to admit that but I get that
seems like oh that is just very fucking
super recent yeah yeah I mean do you
think it's possible that a new nation
gets started is it too late because like
the reason why the United States got
started cuz everybody hated how
suppressive European civilization was so
like wait wait you see how we do it yeah
we're gonna fix this this isn't over
here yeah in some ways we have right
it's better in some ways than in some
ways in some ways we did more freedom
this is some ways in some way we didn't
yeah yeah it's like what humans do we no
one ever nails anything it's just
everything's messy it's always
complicated especially more people yeah
because anyone that's been to a family
family reunion is like has said fuckin
Gary really yeah you know then also like
did the different environments that
people live in sort of dictate their
personnel like you're a desert guy right
yeah you're from the desert yeah what is
that
scorpion I'm I'm one of the few people I
know that's been bit by one have you
really yeah and as I I was going up to
Joshua Tree to this studio that's really
just a house and was that the one that
you guys showed in the thing you did
with Bourdain yeah yeah uh-huh
Rancho de la Luna yeah and um but it's
magic is what's missing and I mean
everywhere I mean but and all that's
left is like what if you just when the
tide receded it was just the
idiosyncratic and the previously thrown
away like all in reborn and you know
it's just got that sort of feeling to it
right
and so I was driving up there and I know
I'm a desert boy I know that you're not
supposed to at night times when
everything comes out right because in
the day everyone is like oh really I
mean everything that walks or crawls is
like and so at night everyone everything
that walks or crawls goes right let's go
right and so you wear shoes if you do
not wear shoes you're it's you you have
made a mistake
for sure and as soon as we pull up to
the Rancho in the dirt parking lot I
open up I open up the door and I'm on
the passenger side and I step out and
I'm going to reach for a 12-pack of beer
and something hit me on the foot and I
was like and I lift my foot and there's
this black or dark brownish like a
rootbeer Ebron scorpion hanging from my
foot going hey hey hey hey hey and I was
like I I think it was like like a really
butch girl who's been terrified for the
first time like Wyatt and I slapped it
oh and I slap it off my foot because
that's my knee-jerk reaction and I as I
did that that's when I screamed and
jumped like you know like a mouse or
something right in the car and in the
door light of this in the door light
this scorpion hit the ground like
shuffled itself turned and came right at
me Wow and was sort of like fuck you
wait you I it's scared it's back at you
you imagine being that little wanting to
fuck up something as big as you who
you'd have to right you'd have it
wouldn't be there would be no bravado at
all would be like yeah it would be it
would be a true believer right that in
that moment I'm like fuck this thing and
it is a hundred percent sure it's gonna
fuck me up and it was right because what
am I gonna do like I'm gonna hit the
stinger with my hands writhes know what
was the pain light well I
that time my understanding of scorpions
was in our desert Mojave there's two
types and one which is like two you know
24 hours of central nervous system
shutdown so they can't even give you
anything for the pain because the thing
that's that regulates that gets like
turn turned off or and so you're just
like from 24 hours you're in pain that's
that was my knowledge at that time and
the other one is akin to a bee sting so
when did you get well I had to like
track back this was before the internet
and so I go inside and the remedy at
that time as Fred Drake who rest in
peace told me was to drink Jack Daniels
and put your foot in a bucket a hot like
burning hot water which is is a little
bit like having a horse on each leg and
they take off a different direction
because they get the hottest water you
can take and continue the pain like it's
that it's such a wives tale it's almost
like the divorcees tale or something
like so I did that and waited because I
didn't know which one it was
turns out that the 24 hours one is lives
in another desert in Moore Otto's to
Arizona and that it's not quite as as
I've described I'm just telling you what
I thought oh right right and and it was
much like a bee sting but by the time I
realized that and it swallow up it swell
up immediate and looked like it was
gonna keep going because it got to this
golf ball so fast mm-hmm that it was
like when will this stop right right but
it was like a bee sting but by the time
I've discovered that I was so drunk that
bee stings me sting you know so he's
just sitting there with your foot in a
bucket of hot water gills scalding
holding liquor like it was like it said
the hotter it is the better and I was
like ah don't dump it imagine that
fucking real injury was you got
third-degree burns and your foot water
there was nothing wrong with it how mad
would you be my friend said you see the
real remedy is you grab a shark and you
and you totally forget about body mine
was in South America and he got bit by a
bullet ant he got hit by a bullet down
on his heel and he said it was he said
the pain was so bad but it
was so bewildering that after the pain
was over he couldn't figure out which
foot got bit weight because your brains
going like static he said you're it's so
confusing the pain so confusing it's
four hours do you think that because
anytime I've seen that online where it's
like you know you know I'm dingo piles
and I'm at a bullet and you're like
Jesus man you don't hang out with this
person know what to say love ya like a
handful they pull that yeah it's like a
ritual that young men have to do to
reach the bride coming oh that's right
yeah that's like jumping off on how
Bungie was invented with no Bunge
oh no boying no just no funk to be a man
you jump up this thing and it's like I'm
starting to identify as a yeah I I
wonder what the bullet ant thinks of all
this if it's like mom I can never make
any friends what the fuck I think
they're just violence in insect form
don't you see don't you think that
that's if there ever was an alien that
would be it would be easy to assume this
little bullet ant in space that's just
like it yeah and then pushes so hard
that there's two of them will really be
fucked up as bugs were big and
intelligent if bugs behaved the way
settlers behaved when they encountered
the Native Americans I I must say I'm
happy to hear you say that something I
say to my kids and I've said to myself
for many many many years is what I'm
having a rough morning I say thank God
praying mantis aren't five feet fuck
yeah dude because getting to your car
would be a nightmare yeah and and you'd
never they just be like you know that
yeah I was just watching a video of a
praying man it's fucking up a mouse
they're so powerful man it's crazy it's
just to like start the morning it was
just sitting just sitting there as a
mouse got close to grab the hold of all
is not is that a normal way to start the
morning is neat yeah fortunately yeah
there was one with a squirrel - it was
the praying mantis was eating a squirrel
it's like holding on to this little
squirrels head and
slowly pulling it apart oh there's
another one with a lizard the lizard one
was pretty fucked look at this Mouse you
think well there's no way look that
melon it's just like oh well just going
over here just gonna look over here bro
they're so ruthless these goddamn things
and they're so fucking Stu septa least
wrong for their size you look at how big
they are I mean look at that dude if
that was five feet tall we'd be fucked
yeah I wouldn't I honestly I would stay
home and a lot more I would be armed to
the dick I said just fucking everywhere
I go multiple guns Kevlar suits here he
goes bitch and the way they get some is
so fucking fast
well it is a kind of a cool thing that
we don't have to like die watching
something to eat us it's crazy though
that there's no it's not a contest it's
look at that in the ear though that's by
diem what our first what I'd like to
move is that that's not that's uncalled
for it's rude yeah you know see diem ear
first if I'm hit by something that's
gonna eat me I'm like don't start the
fucking here man they don't you will
fuck well it really that is what you
gotta hear the mouse did you make it any
louder fuck and then you just feel the
sound at that point but yeah like
boulders underwater looks like pink
it's just crazy when you look at how big
the mouse is and how small the insect is
like for mass of body weight that it's
not even a contest that the praying
mantis just gets it a hundred percent
like it's not like maybe the mouse can
get away like no it's over bit it's a
bit like that Orca eats the great whites
liver thing right right we're for for
for like a thousand nautical miles in
every direction every single tagged
white shark as soon as that happens the
radius is like a thousand nautical miles
every great white shark was like so
anyways this time I'm out of here and
then takes off really yeah so they felt
it like they knew yeah something about
the smell of their own data of that or
whatever that yeah you know what is it
the OP you live a little orange any that
that's sixth sense they have oh right
some something about that frequency for
them is sort of like call you back and
they just bail
well that's like the bully getting
bullied right like they're the meanest
motherfuckers in the ocean except for
the orcas right I think at this point in
my life I'm like they don't have hands
so they're like sorry I gotta try it
what's going on here
no hands gonna use this sorry because
when you when you have no predators most
of your time like that what's up Junior
yet did we mention this before they only
go after the liver oh yeah creepy
well they do for some years some father
what fava beans with it so that's cool
probably very nutritious but they are
you kidding or cuz of the booty do that
with your mouth
I think orcas are probably the biggest
dick of all because they're just like
should go fuck with that guy and grab
liver or what do you want to do well
they fuck up dolphins - we know dolphins
are kind of cute Walmer big dolphins
well the the permanent smile right
that's I don't sir cute they're just
thinking hey cuz it could be like fuck
you well even dolphin have dolphins
commit infanticide they kill babies they
do it on purpose yeah well they killed
their own two kinds babies to try to
force the female in the estrus and so as
a consequence what email Bo writes to
get them back utility because female
dolphins when they breed apparently once
they have a baby they they have to raise
that baby for like six years so they
won't have sex for like six years
so what male dolphins do is they will
kill the baby so the force to female to
breed again so what females do is they
become hoes so they fuck everybody and
anybody they can so that if a dolphin
runs in door to go maybe that's my kid
alright says yeah so they're not sure if
it's their kid they don't even obviously
there's no 23 plausible deniability yeah
so they know that they fucked are the
seven great oceans in me or something
well they're really intelligent right I
mean they have a sorrel cortex is 40%
larger than human beings what when when
there was that one shot and maybe it's
black fish or something like that uh
where they put a mirror up and the
dolphins are like going looking at them
there's some where the like the minute
uh that was an amazing moment to watch
like a dolphin go oh yeah like with a
shower with a hairbrush singing in the
mirror sort of well they can it's like
the way we looked at other cultures we
we think we're better but when we look
at orcas and dolphins just because they
can't affect their environment the way
we can like they can't build houses and
you know and create things yeah we
assume they're not as intelligent well
create things that we we would determine
to have any value right right physical
objects that's it but but the way they
have culture and communication and
knowledge ins yeah that to have the
sonar and all that stuff they're they're
operating with tools that were like what
yeah we don't even understand what you
having oh you mean Bing I got that over
here Bing it's like they're using sonar
finding objects in the water and also as
a musician at one point I went through
this pirate phase of reading where you
just read about because all the logs are
so accurate they had to be to survive
the Pirates logs
yeah like well um the historical version
of why did someone why does someone turn
into a privateer you know charged by the
king of Spain to take anything English
into the English it's a pirate and that
like how does that and it was from war
slowing down and all these sailors
having like what do we do oh you know
and the logs are so accurate and and in
a very fact like this is what happened
it's marked in the log that is just
great accurate history of the Caribbean
well there's one of the ways we know
about what happened with Columbus right
one of the one of the more fucked up
things about Columbus is I believe it
was a missionaries that traveled with
him that ratted him out about how
ruthless they were yeah they were
cutting people's arms off they get him
didn't give him enough gold and - and
babies has them but then you wouldn't be
able to get any more gold from that
person certainly just everybody else but
if you didn't bring enough as a
practical thing like go get me more gold
you know cut its arm up now I can't even
bring more anyways I think the idea was
nobody wants their arm cut off so
there's plenty of them yeah look just
kill this one guy and the people that do
want to only have one arm they probably
have already done that yeah propose oh
fuck that oh the reason for the the logs
is the they would talk about how whales
and dolphins you could hear them singing
because there's no engines on the ocean
so it's just just the silence of the
planet right right it's just they're
just using sales yeah and and and
sometimes there isn't any wind and this
night where everything comes out to do
its thing and you'd hear this
communication this vast whale song that
you could hear around the world Wow
because the whales are so big and that
there's this communication and that
there and how extrapolating that there's
a communication breakdown now because of
the noise pollution of it all
oh sure noise pollution and regular
pollution right right yeah
the constant drone of success you know I
mean that's that's where the real
horrific death has occurred right in the
ocean imagine what the ocean was like in
terms of like teeming with life in 1492
yeah I mean yeah because they talk about
that trash thing that really was a it
was nutrients before that's why they
animals came there you know you know but
they you know there's a trash pile in
the size of Texas yeah yeah but it all
gathers there because of the currents
mm-hmm and previously it wasn't an
island of plastic but in fact an island
of nutrients that brought everything in
and so it was like Hometown Buffet for
fish things and right right now they're
showing up and they're like right you
know what I mean yeah how's the six-pack
ring look on me yeah bummer
it's a fucking bummer yeah yeah what's
up Joe did you see what you know Colin
Oh Brady who was on the podcast a few
moments ago now yeah he's got a row
across Antarctica Drake's passage I
guess is what it's called in this little
teeny rowboat oh Jesus that's crazy
couple other guys he's gonna do it with
but they're gonna he walked across
Antarctica yeah story how do they really
I can't imagine it not being fraught at
every other's footstep I bet you do that
though for like however long it takes
him a summer rowing you come out ripped
that you can develop serious back
muscles yeah yeah you know that is a
really positive way to look at it that's
a great work so that you watch to do
stage you want bigger back when you back
to the beautiful crew bus 24 hours a day
rotating around the clock with little to
no sleep what
yeah there's live streaming this whole
thing with just swells can tower up to
50 feet high what the fuck imagine it's
so great it's I'm so fuckin crazy
whoa imagine its to like 27 in the
morning yeah and everyone's asleep and
you're in charge of rowing over 50 foot
swells and how much can you sleep if
everybody has to work 24 hours a day
what do you get like an hour sleep a day
well you get a tons of fake sleep
there's the because it's tired of rowing
you're in the zone look at this fucking
boat - it's a shitty little boat can you
imagine being the cameraman that's the
most boring thing ever on that did you
see that cameraman on the back oh that's
ridiculous he's got a row too though
there's no one who's just a cameraman
six athletes it says one boat no chance
no motor they're fucked yeah yeah no
sale oh god why do people have to do
things like this no turning back I love
talking to them when they come back but
why do they have to do that it just
seems so ridiculous it look the
impossible bro following I wonder how
you sell that idea to like the other
rower many girls - bunch of crazy
assholes you get together I was thinking
about running a thousand miles well hey
before you do that I got a project yeah
it doesn't start with like hear me out
just hear me out let me finish the the
pitch and then like do you have to try
to assess that like that yeah you just
gently try to I think those kind of
plateaus
yeah certainly they're there near the or
store or whatever the fuck there are
some people out there that just can't
push themselves hard enough you know no
matter what happens they're like like my
friend David Goggins he ran this Moab
240 it's a 40 mile race through the DES
he developed pulmonary edema which I
guess you get at high altitudes when
you're exerting yourself yeah that
Everest like crazy shit right so he goes
to the hospital they treat him he gets
back and finishes the race so he ran
another 80 miles after he ran a hundred
and eighty plus with fucking pulmonary
edema like what what does that mean that
when you get done that you're like good
whoo okay no he didn't give mean it's
not really there's no end with that car
that that it's that there's no
destination at all there's no finish
line yeah yeah yeah it's just like break
to take a leak I suppose the thing is
they know they all know there's other
people like them out there so the same
race yeah not even just that it's just
that they're all connected but from the
internet you know they're all connected
through these circles that they travel
in they're connected through just but
they follow other people like them on TV
but do you think that a drive like that
is more an internal one or do you think
that the competition I'm seeing what
someone else did is as what kind of
factor do you think that I think that
they're both play a factor it's it's
other people that are pushing on they
make you realize that it's possible and
then it's other it's you you all men you
sort of insane internal furnace yeah
well they're I believe when they did
some brain testing on that climber fella
that did the Alex Honnold
yeah yeah yeah that he just didn't trip
out as a it took a lot more to freak him
out oh yeah I'm sure that the his
brainwaves were like yeah no I'm cool
like when you're hanging by one toenail
upside down do you even talk about him
makes me nervous
i I've had him on twice shots yeah oh my
god III sit in someone else's pants a
great on you let me try them on and then
like here you go dude sometimes it's not
even down sometimes it's an angle back
yeah like yeah like 15 degrees back the
wrong direction like what I do just
watch that and get vertigo where your
balls are sort of like I look at this
yes I grow dad that's way more than 15
degrees how many degrees is that
if you had to guess 45 that's like 45
degrees right yeah so does definitely
Enys 45 degrees fucking thousand feet up
in the sky but do you have to add my
palms are sweaty yeah you sweat like
crazy do you have yeah tell us yours or
mine that's crazy like instantaneous
palm sweat we need to drink Purell now
the same bucket of water use of this
court but you know right and Ryder
motorcycle like I try to stay focused
and very now right in the moment yeah
because it's a requirement like when
you're sort of like did I leave the iron
on that's whenever I've gotten in like a
little fender bender or right well of
course you know and but in that there is
no you do you have to stay so in it that
there is no out or I think so and you
let yourself drift and it like almost
like a meditative state and just be like
hands I don't think you can I think if
you drift you're fucked I mean I think
first of all so how do you stop things
well then how do you stop things like
you know
guess who's hungry hands up oh shit you
know I mean I think he does it so often
than he knows how to get into that state
but you know there's also like look at
that little thing go that back I just
believe look at that little thing he's
holding on with his left hand
what's this a that doesn't chip loose
what's this a what's this thing I mean
some of these rocks they're talking
about manifesting that you do it talk
about saying guess you know it's already
done you'd have to say it's already done
I don't know why I think you just got a
go left foot right foot right hand left
hand and then you also have done it many
times with ropes but also on when you're
on the ground you're like want to hang
out and he's like no bro that looks like
60 that's insane he's like basically
hanging upside down climbing was so far
above the fucking trees on a burglary on
purpose like like it's Tuesday there you
know what I mean most people you and me
included would be dead we wouldn't be
able to do what he's doing uh I'd be
dead of a heart attack
on the path from realizing I was gonna
try
he's such a mellow guy - that's what's
really interesting yeah like look at
that smile that's that's it's like he
also just started recently getting
injured right I saw that thing yeah at
the movie I tell you what though I will
read or watch anything about Everest or
climbing or I don't know that there's
something because I'm always like well
I'm gonna go for that metaphorically
that you know metaphorically yeah like
I'm gonna take that metaphor that energy
and put it into the guitar and put it
into something else like yeah I don't
know pass those chips over here like I
the way I eat yeah I eat the way those
climbers risk their lives see that
sundae over there I'm gonna climb that
thing it's just knowing that someone
like that is out there though it changes
what our our expectations are like what
we think of as the boundaries of human
performance and what someone's capable
of doing well it's certain it's
certainly there's a weird epiphany when
you're watching someone do that yeah cuz
you're sort of like I'm doing the exact
opposite of this person that I'm
watching yeah you're just sitting yet
you're like not risking anything yeah
you're just sort of like thank you for
doing this for my pleasure
I'd say there's a there's a moment of
disconnect for me when I what I'm like
I'm going on a hike I can't finish this
movie anymore you know I'm not supposed
to finish this movie well it's it's
interesting because what he's doing is
essentially a spectator sport but
there's no audience until after it's
done right so it so it ultimately for
the for the climb must be singularly
about you I mean it must be the I don't
know how you how you include someone
else during that no thing I think it's
just all about the moment I think he's
just like I said I think he's thinking
left foot right foot right hand left
hand and he just you just keep going and
you know the people then that would be
akin to you know from the greatest
meditative minds that's I've ever
existed yeah because it's one thing to
meditate in position and and kind of go
deeply within and keep going into the
depths which are vast right but but it's
different if you said now you get up and
climb this thing please yeah there there
would be a certain amount of
no no I'm still messing fuckin right
where you might be like no I'm doing
this this so I don't have to do that
right to maintain that mindset through
action that's a different kind of
meditation because the consequences are
so grave like if you're just sitting
there meditating and your brain drifts
nothing happens but if you're up there
and you're achieving that state and then
your brain drifts and you're like oh
Jesus what the fuck am i doing oh my god
I've been reading about this I've been
watching and reading this woman Esther
Hicks oh yeah okay this had lady that
channels yeah but yeah but putting that
aside to not um precondition anyone her
her discussions on manifestation and her
explanation of that that the physical
body that you have thoughts and thoughts
are bigger than your body is simply a
bag that holds your protects your
thoughts so they can occur yeah and that
when you think something you you begin
to bring it into idea which is on the
process to bring it into the world
yeah and so when you say I can't you
certainly cannot right and and that it's
okay when coming from a position of I
can and it's already happened and I'm
just meeting up with what's already
occurred yeah that there's something
beautiful there especially when it's not
really being wrapped in a selfish but
manifesting happiness and and things you
love and that that attracts other that's
what's contagious you know and so I
wonder when I see a photo like that
about the connection out and her point
being is that she's like all day long
you're thinking thoughts and acting on
them because the that mind and body are
one they're executing the same process
together you know dependently and like
that is the embodiment of thought and
body
yeah action together and being
ultimately in that vortex of being aware
that Esther Hicks lady is very strange
I'm very torn on that because I listened
to the actual
words and the things that she says when
she's channeling that what is it like
Abraham is he like a dead guy or an
alien what is he I forget what he is I
see I distant channels an alien right
but I think there's multiple people but
see the thing is is I've kind of like
was listening stumbled on that while I
was driving mm-hmm and and investigating
or reconnecting with the law like the
law of attraction yeah and and how do
like it's like and when you get your
motorcycle lesson they tell you to look
through the turn because you you tend to
go where you're looking mm-hmm you know
not a lot of people are walking
backwards and talking to you as they go
forwards right and and so that it sort
of dawned on me the connection between
just looking for something you love and
not bonding or focusing on all the shit
you don't like as a as a manner of
walking towards what what you desire you
know and and this kind of reawakening
with that concept is very it's just mere
woo you know three four weeks old for me
really um well returning to that idea
because I had this idea this this
concept before of like someone's got to
make it why shouldn't it be why it's why
couldn't it be you mm-hmm
let's let's let's let's go for it and
really go for it the only way to make it
it's really honestly go let's say you're
talking about with your band before you
guys made it
no I'm talking about a way of acting
regarding anything okay I love music and
and music has always been my way of of
being the utmost honest I can be and I
think because of that it's that's what's
helped gravitate people that have stayed
so long in that however also I've
realized that I put so much of who I
really am in total into the music that
there are times that I should have done
that in and relationships with friends
or people it's like and family and and
that it's really it's important to do
that in life too mmm you know to be
engaged yeah and also
show your real self that kind of where
the vulnerability of all that is really
powerful instead of weakness it's the
opposite of weakness you know and and so
I think I think pursuing music that way
is great but not if it's keeping you
from doing that in life and so it's not
just that I would think that way so my
band would do well it's that I would
think that way so that I could I could
do well and I could be well you know
right and uh and so that that's why I
started listening to her not seeing any
of the opening gambit of of her
transforming into Abraham Abraham and
not caring and not understanding what
that means just going like I've just
listened to what you're saying while I'm
driving right and hearing that and the
way she speaks regarding those things is
really fascinating I choose to detach
myself from judgment yeah because yeah
because I know one thing
nothing well it's it's it's weird
because she's saying very wise things
right and but it would be ashamed to get
just because I don't that's not the
rapper I would pick that I don't like
the candy inside right yeah the
channeling part of it well yeah so it's
not a oh you mean it's not exactly how I
would do it
well fuck this then well it's not just
that it's like you're listening to
wisdom but are you listening to wisdom
from someone who's made up a fairy tale
that's where it gets confusing it's well
she's channeling well but I you
channeling was she doing I also think
that to be able to learn something this
this again this awakening and me is so
new like it it's in all honesty it's
it's like a month and a half old but it
feels really good
what happened so uh it's just that um
you know I think that engagement in life
you know and also you know feeling a bit
lost and and not knowing how to ask for
how to ask for help sometimes you know
what I mean and and and not really
knowing something exists at all you have
feelings that's a little too vague
but I point being that like all of a
sudden engaging in something engaging in
something that you're that you really
love not focusing on the negative part
of it mm-hm but really chasing after
that thing which makes you feel good so
you've changed your perspective yeah the
way you focus on it absolutely and in
fact and in fact that I've realized like
what sort of you know it's fine it's
fine to be afraid of shit you know yeah
it's fine it's not fine to go like nope
that's not not that's not over there
right right to deny it
yeah how can you get stronger unless
you've turned them really really look
into it you know right you don't want to
be paralyzed by fear but there's nothing
wrong with being aware that something
scares you yeah yeah yeah I mean I
really nine times out of ten you didn't
need to be afraid of it and that one
time you do you know it's true and you
know what it is right and and that seems
like a successful and in dealing with
that too you get the chance to say I I
can do this is how ladies still alive as
Esther hood still alive I have no idea
me maybe get her in go wonky III think I
think it would be interesting because
you'd have to separate the things that
don't fit right right but once a husband
has to be there with everything to Jerry
he died as I listened see without having
no preconceived notion and just hearing
this as I Drive that when the next
YouTube's things started play and I was
like who is this
who's Abraham there's no there was no
context for me Rob just listen to the
words right and I was like wow this
fucking great yeah you know this is
great and and kept listening I was
driving to the desert and doing this
other stuff for him and you know what's
interesting about it it's remarkably
consistent alright it she doesn't say
anything that's really foolish and she
never changes her tune
right about look um and and I started to
dig that she was saying we because until
I understood that she was like
channeling something I thought it was
just a really beautiful way of saying we
what we want to tell you is like as if
you were already there
and and really what she was talking
about is already being there anyways
like you will have an idea you will form
a habit of one type or another which one
would you like it to be mmm and and um
and no this if all you can focus is on
what sucks but is yet to be just wait a
sec it's coming and and what where
conversely if you were like I can worry
about that because I like as much time
without it as possible let's focus on
something I do like until shit gets here
yeah that you naturally look through the
turn and as long as you're not trying to
turn into a wall or a cavalcade of shit
right but if you're trying to turn into
something you love you actually will
turn into something you love in that
case you should probably embrace
challenges right you should probably
welcome them because when they happen
they will test you and then you can
figure out whether or not this
philosophy is actually well I mean I
have been I have been I have been
testing because you know I always like
dealt with difficulty by shielding it
putting it into the music or putting it
into some dark closet somewhere you know
what I mean right
cuz that's just you're taught to do that
right yeah like natural teeth and and
grin and bear ignore it ignore it yeah
like that's what the rug is for sweeping
stuff under where you like oh really and
but that feels like building a dam or
something
hmm - when really you're supposed to let
that river of fear or whatever go with
it go downstream with it stop fighting
it yeah cuz you dam all that shit up put
it in the corner bury it behind and
really one day it just like gives you a
massive bath of you're fucked that damn
bird hole law of attraction thing is
very strange to me because I feel like
everybody's trying to describe something
that there's some element of truth to
but that it's really complicated and
it's not as simple as think it and
manifest it there's a lot of discipline
involved in that there's a lot of hard
work and concentration and thought and
doubts and hopes and dreams and there's
a lot of other things and then also
fortune well it's a lot of people I feel
like when those when it
never drink I would never use that for
fortune for me the fortune would be like
that your relationships and emotional
connections get deeper yeah I don't mean
fortune I mean being fortunate yeah I
mean being lucky like we're we're lucky
we're here
well we're blessed we're here but it's
not really lucky and I think that's one
of the main things right there is
understanding the difference in thought
because ultimately what you're saying
what one is that hard work that you're
talking about and all those things are
sort of getting out of your own way and
unlearning how to say how to be so
doubtful about it all and just say I'll
take I'll take something I like and I'll
just think about that for a bit
mmm and and let that be the first step
and then go what do I keep going down
that river downstream of that idea
getting closer and closer to something
you really love because saying you know
saying I don't like this water bottle
sucks but but saying but at least I
don't have to drink it is one step away
from that and if you just keep taking
those steps away and going down that
river that's the right direction to be
going because focusing on this it's like
how's that gonna help you god it's got
this blue binding in this well it's
certainly not gonna help you to to think
about how fortunate you are yeah is it I
mean I guess it kinda is it's blocking
you well it's blocking you from feeling
fortunate but saying at least I don't
have to drink them every day is turning
the right direction and heading towards
how fortunate you are mm-hmm and if you
keep taking those little direct that
those steps then soon you get to like I
feel fortunate to be here right I feel
fortunate I don't have to think about
this bottle of water all the time this
coyness genuine gratitude also it clears
your mind if you do have if you're
thinking about positive things and
working towards those things it clears
your mind of a lot of the just the
natural traps that we set for each other
yeah dumb nuts baggage just those
hurdles we make are tailor-made because
they're made by you for you right right
how can they not work yeah they
highlight your actual real insecurities
and fears that you know you have that
absolutely and you go
sure to trap someone cuz look loud and
then you're in it yeah cuz you made it
for you it's like yet meets trap me and
and I think what I like about what I
heard her saying is that because it came
from no context whatsoever and I just
heard the words it said can you get out
of your own way
yeah that's what I'm would like you to
think about first what is that there's
an ancient tale a tale of two wolves
meaning how to live your life that like
yeah I know one wolf is filled with fear
and how does that go
my mother just gave just gave it to my
kids really their house it go
it's paraphrasing you know she could
bought this frame thing like you know um
there are two wolves and one is anger
and one is like love and mm-hmm
and and they both exist but ultimately
it's like which one you're gonna feed
yeah that it's it's really the I I think
I'm correct in saying there's something
are you paraphrasing but it's something
like that's the one the one that
survives and succeeds is the one you
feel although I think the younger you
know Native American says well how do i
how do I know which one how do I not let
one take over and he's like well which
one are you gonna feed ultimately right
you know you know well the more you
concentrate on positive things and the
less you concentrate on negative thing
for sure you're freeing your mind up and
you're you you gain the momentum of
positive thought and the momentum of of
living your life with positive thought
it becomes easier to do right and the
rewards to do I think but I think it's
also necessary to say I'm not talking
about walking around and collapse you
like gonna haha it's just like smile
smile yeah you know what I mean nice and
in action you're talking about this
you're not talking about this like an
some sort of a random well it starts
with a thought and it works into an idea
and then manifests itself into like a
smile or just it's nice to do something
nice and also understand that I'm not
talking about walking around like hi-yah
you know like I'm not talking about
being some
goofed it's dumb nuts motherfucker
that's what I'm saying is uh do
something do something nice and start
that way you know and leave it at that
and I think there's something to when
you're when your thoughts are filled
with this
there's just frankly less room for me to
think about this water which I dislike
right just there's just frankly is less
real estate right you can you real
estate I'm positive things yeah and and
because the contagion of enjoying it of
because things that are positive are
essentially what things I like yeah I'm
enjoying being here so this water
doesn't really I don't have real estate
for that right I've got too much
enjoyment and to be here you know Anna
and that'll do now this Esther Hicks
thing how did you get into this
completely by accident or not meaning
meaning you know I that just sometimes
things just slam down on the table and
say you've got to be engaged this at the
moment to do do it or not
right and nothing incites a change like
that that's it's sort of a gift actually
it's saying it's struggled now but if
you struggle through this it's gonna get
better you know and and I love I and I'm
actually really thankful and
appreciative of that sort of moment I
don't mind the risk of all that that's
what it's all about how did you stumble
upon it though I just was like looking
for like looking for through the law of
attraction and and and finding a way to
change my thoughts to some to things I
loved and I listened to a couple I was
driving and had just clicked onto her as
it Auto played and there was and as I
said without any sort of judgment and
I'm the last person that's kind of a
joiner or would be accused of being
hippie dippie or whatever like kind of
like someone who is scared would say you
know did he so it just made sense to me
almost the calculus of it all it's a
complex problem but get out of your own
way keep it simple listen but she goes
further than that right
she actually talks about your your
thoughts manifesting reality and she
talks about how what you're doing with
your thoughts and the way you think in
the way you sort of interface with
reality is you're creating reality with
your mind right right and and I'm
choosing how I want to take that and
then have that means something to me
so you're finding an application for
that in your life and also I'm within
the within the spectrum of all the
things she's talking about I simply am
looking for ways to in my immediate life
with the people that are close to me how
to be more engaged and how to be more
engaging myself because I as I said I've
had a lot of troubled times in the last
few years because of just feeling lost
and not knowing how to deal with that
and you always put that in your music
but maybe I should be putting it into
more than just that - mm-hm it doesn't
negate wanting to your music to be truth
right that's what it's for but also it
should be inspiring to do point that in
other directions - are you bringing this
to the band like you've you hey guys
this channel a lady no no no because I
mean I'm surprised I'm sort of revealing
it here it's a because I'm not a
disciple of anything yeah but listen I
don't think he's anything wrong with it
honestly because well I mean I've
listened to it - buddy mine was really
into it and he turned me on to it and I
listened to and I said okay there's a
lot of wacky shit going on you there's
like I think she's channeling a thousand
year old person something like that yeah
Gary but whatever
Abraham write isn't that like I think
she's supposedly channeling some ancient
illusion yeah but forget all that the
words she's saying resonate and they're
also sort of like consistent across this
yeah and as I said before I'm I'm mining
in a specific vein of like okay the
people I care about most how do we how
do we all grow right out each other and
and how do we do that right because that
is the goal the goal isn't to to be
alone and it's also
but whether it's wacky or not look at
there's a lot of wacky shit and religion
but I always say a lot of people find
some great meaning in it you can this I
don't know how much the world is weird
and complicated yeah absolutely you can
get real wisdom from shit that sounds
like nonsense well if you reserve the
right to be surprised by life yeah if
you really if you to have an open mind
you certainly have to unlock the door
and open that fucker that's a great way
of looking at it reserve the right to be
surprised by life that that is my goal
in general and life and also now it's my
it's my mission because it's a bit like
when I used to like mess around with you
know illegals like the legal sub things
that like that you know yeah oh I
suppose those are in there too yeah
what do you mean though I meant I meant
that wrapped in other stuff so I didn't
have to just say it say that oh oh but
then I think I just gave that away okay
no those things those things are sort of
like I tried all that Perl too long
mm-hmm and that didn't really go
anywhere so what else is there what else
is going on right so you tried drugs and
then you're like what there's got to be
something else that's gonna fill this
void or give me some peace or yeah or
like hum I certainly can't stand here
you're either growing or dying right
since I'm less interested in dying I'm
like what else what else we got I mean I
think for a while was you know my next
thing is is well it doesn't matter that
I I think what's important is when you
said are you bringing this to the guys
in the band I was just about to say yes
until you said are you telling her about
this lady because to me the lessons that
you learn yeah I'm like oh my god
because I think I've always looked at
music this way where it's like locks
there have these concentric circles and
that's at one point they all line up and
you can see through the door to the
other side
mmm and once you've seen it you can't
unsee that if I if I have a song and we
have two and you those concentric
circles line up it almost feels painful
or criminal not to go to the other side
when you know it gets so much better
there right and and I feel like
but I've been kind of learning is I also
should apply the same understanding to
the people I care about you know like if
there's a way for us to have something
more meaningful that's all that being
meaningful is like money is green paper
you know these are like it's fun to have
collect things but who cares it's that
it's the relationships you have and you
know when you have kids and stuff it's
like having enjoying that shit even when
it's rough that's that's the thing to
kick good hat mm-hmm you know what I
mean you'll have plenty of time to dial
alone as you worry you know later
yeah you know time and uh so I feel like
that's what I'm kind of getting from
that from what she's saying mm-hmm
and so it's that works just fine yeah
well if it works if it works use it
right it's not it's not exclusively that
either you know it's just like it's a
tool yeah it's one of the tools that I
would use in every situation is
situational and so I I feel like what's
great is to have a bunch of tools and
not pretend to know I always wanted I
mean I try to ask this to as many
musicians as possible but how do you
guys create music do you do write stuff
out and then come to the band to some of
the guys bring their own ideas for for a
beat or for a concept or well you know I
like the randomness of it all and and
again I love collaboration I've never
done anything just me all by myself that
doesn't there are times when I make you
make a request of people who play with
real like I hear all of this can we just
try that first because and I like to do
that when someone says that in return if
they if they're like sometimes you hear
everything all at once and that's how
that is a gift and you kind of don't
want to mess with that you want to at
least start from that point because if
someone does have an idea at least
they're starting from understanding
where this how this is and their other
idea if they have one is rooted in this
instead of being kind of arbitrary you
know does that make sense
mm-hmm and then
so but it's great to hear that and also
be asked to kind of be a soldier
sometimes sure I'll play because I'd
love to hear that
all these puzzle pieces together right
right but I also respect their their
idea their vision whatever it is you're
just trying to help them realize it yeah
sometimes sometimes it's like that and
sometimes I'm requesting that and
there's a way to communicate that that
sounds exciting
yeah and you should because it's a shame
to be misunderstood in that moment when
really what you're saying is oh my god I
have this idea can we try it just like
this for a start and once you're emerged
in this understanding your ideas to
better it will be based in understanding
this you guys are very unique and that
you don't sound like anybody else but
that's the point it is the point that
that in fact in fact I always look at
that like well that's the minimum
obligation right as to none it's to not
you know not sound like other folks yeah
the men without hats - what's the point
you already have everyone do I love that
song yeah it's great because it's sort
of a challenge yeah you can leave your
friends behind yeah you're like what the
fuck what why would it if they don't
dance they're no friends yeah like sort
of like drawing a dance line in the sand
you know it's a great song yes but I but
also there's there's that those are the
kind of two ends of the spectrum right
mm-hmm hearing hearing someone's
honestly and do an explaining yours
honestly and asking for help to just to
do that well your your stuff is not just
unique it's unique in itself like your
songs are different each song is
different than the other side is like
you don't there's not like a Queens of
the Stone Age sound well I think there's
a band called weand that I love so much
and early on my first band Caius that
was trying to sound like itself itself
but singularly mm-hmm and I was feeling
painted in a corner a little bit by the
fact that it had to be in this mode and
we toured with this band ween because
who would play anything do you you know
they aren't sure yeah I know they're so
brilliant and they play us mister would
you please help my pony and we were like
what the fuck is that about
and then they'd play riders on the
storm for 28 minutes when it was fucking
incredible they'd never sound checked it
you're like you just know and and what
they were was free mmm they set and then
they did a country record with all these
professional hired gun country you know
and it sounded incredible because they
were like cuz we can do that why can't
we yeah that manifesting what you love
period and so I just from being around
them and seeing things like that and
then starting this desert sessions
project which is what I just put out
recently where it's just collaboration
and it could be anything because it's
not all you you know but yet it's you
and so it was
that's how Queens started was like what
if you just played anything you thought
was good no matter what it was and you
let every song I had a friend of mine
once say to me you know not every song
can be your best and I and I just looked
at him and it was like why why what is
that why is that I don't even know why
that has to be a possibility why not
yeah what if you if you see through to
those spinning locks through to the
other side and a song could go there you
should take it there right I mean that's
what we're supposed to do yeah and it's
a weird pessimistic attitude isn't it
like not every song can be your best and
it was like oh I see you're talking
about are you talking about hearing
about yours yeah I see you mr. Howe went
before the internet like there was a lot
of bands that would put out like a few
hits on an album but then the rest the
album would almost feel like filler III
again that's another thing right it
seemed to me at one point in the my hope
was that okay in the spirit of trying to
do something different I call it on
supply on demand you know it's out there
cuz it's out there mmm-hmm what's not
out there that would be interesting to
hear it tell me what what you don't
think we need and let's start there
right for for just trying to fill in the
gaps and beautifully fill in the gaps of
what's not represented and and thereby
having this limitless ability to play
whatever you thought was right in the
moment as long as it was honest then
you'd be fine you know and uh and so
that's always been I just
I feel like it would be fun to try that
so that's why it's so jumps around
stylistically but I do think people
listen to whatever they think is good
and they don't care about genre what
unless you're a teenager when that's
important to you or that certainly was
to me um why is Jean R important that
seems like if you work at a record store
it's important because you're filing
these under like you know nose flute and
the key of yeah I don't give a fuck
about genre I give a fuck about good I
mean I listen to car you have a taste a
metal yeah something runs over it with
its truck tire you go hey fuck I'm good
yeah I'd love to lick that again well I
just it's you know I like a song where
you can tell the band made something
that they like yeah you know I mean well
this this is another thing early on when
we left the desert and my first band
Caius and we were so proud like we knew
we sounded different we thought this is
cool and so you make records you love
and you listen to them all the time
because because it's like you're
supposed to make your favorite music I
mean I was 15 years old what else was I
supposed to make I can't wait to make
the music I hate the most
it doesn't make sense right I just want
to do wedding so you meet you tour with
these bands you're like do you guys
listen your records cuz we would be in
the car on tour listening to our records
and then play our records and and they'd
be like fucking hate that thing and I'd
be like no I said do you listen to your
own music like I couldn't understand
right what's wrong with playing your
favorite thing you always wanted to play
but it's not out there so you create it
that's all right it seems like that's
the job actually yeah and how can you
look how can you love my stuff if I
don't right right what what are the
fucking chances like 0.0 us
well BIA is such a prison imagine if you
created a genre that was super popular
and people really loved it but you
fucking hated it I did my first band
there's this really wonderful thing
happened the fans took over and they
owned it because we stopped and so they
took it over the fans kept it alive and
some people gave it a name stoner rock
what to me stoner rock was like Ozzy
when I was a kid
like naazy baseball shirts I'm sure I
wanted to be a punk rocker and it's like
don't stoners over there you know and so
stone rock I was like no no and plus I
don't want to wear that I can appreciate
anything that I like so we don't need to
call it anything mm-hmm because I'll
just like whatever I like I know you
could call it jazz rabbit that's the
style of music gonna be like fucking
fantastic but I just like what I like in
that anyways yeah it's just a noise
you're making to do with your face yeah
it's Charlie Brown's teacher yeah I love
that style actually it's like exactly
who care right like I like what I like
and um and you know you get it flack for
that stuff for not like no sit here wear
this and I understand too because it's
good to feel part of something how many
get flack for it how much do you pay
attention to criticism zero good for you
III don't I haven't read about myself in
over a decade that's amazing way to go
well be the first time I did I remember
when I got a computer and I was like oh
you mean they you can sometimes I feel
like such a like a dumb nuts like I'm
like oh you can talk to someone like
who's like into your toes it's like I
and I did and you know sometimes people
like to bond over what they don't like
and like and also they like to pretend
it makes them feel better to pretend
they have intimate knowledge of you Joe
Rogan mm-hmm well thing about Joe is you
see yeah and it's got to be negative so
always oh because it suggests that we're
close enough to I know the secrets you
know it puts on good face for you but I
know his fucking Joe secrets man so
thing about Joe is and it's it's a it's
but that's kind of an insecurity and so
when I went on it was like I don't know
actually I'm doing this and they said
you're not the real thought and I just
let it be known yes I fucking am and and
then all of a sudden was like hey Josh I
thought oh my god this is what am I
going to do go door to door and correct
people's perception mmm
ma'am actually what happened in 1742
it's that it's a waste of my see some
people who don't have like a wise sort
of perspective on the internet getting
wrapped up and doing just that because
they them responding to criticism and
going after people and you know what
it's because um they they don't want to
be blamed they don't want to be
misunderstood where I totally understand
I understand my wife has been one of my
biggest inspirations ever and like that
that thing that I've really learned from
her is like the you can't blame when you
blame someone it's like saying to them
when you point the finger it's like
saying you're guilty before you even
have a chance to talk and say your
perspective mm-hmm what that's nobody
likes that you know what I mean nobody
wants to like start by being blamed for
something makes you shut off it
immediately and now you have these
disengaged people blaming each other and
being mean to each other and again if
we're talking about doing what you like
I don't like that and I also have
friends I really love that engage in
that quite a bit and it's a trouble spot
for them mm-hm and so instead of doing
it myself I try to like look at that and
say ooh I don't I don't want that I
don't I love my music and I try to make
it as real as I can and I try to make a
difference I can and then I accept if
you don't like it but if you have a
vinyl or if you have a CD still I love
it if you don't it's still a hell of a
coaster right it's not bad you know I
mean could be worst coaster the art
looks cool you know I I need to be okay
with that
mm-hmm and accept that shit because
otherwise what I'm please like it well
you're also you're not looking at that
review right that reviewer is wrong yeah
it's unmanageable numbers to write
because you'd be interacting with
literally thousands of people every day
and trying to correct them and then once
people find out that all they have to do
to get your attention is to be negative
and I've had moments of that before
because I really have always cared about
fairness and justice
but especially in the last bunch of
years you know it's like I have to be
okay with what I did for me and people
don't really know what the fuck they're
talking about and what really goes on
but if my expectation is that I'm gonna
get take everyone to a spot where like
this is what actually happens right I'll
be sad and you're also engaging people
that don't want you to be a good guy so
they want to go fuck you you just want
us to think that of course yeah of
course and then um and I'm actually kind
of investing time and energy into like
no but yeah but no right I mean you're
investing time and energy also into your
persona or your public perceptible
perception of you I don't have a persona
I've had many times where because of
being like like feeling strange about
things or angry about things or this I
take them out on the stage some some
times because I grew up watching bands
like and Iggy and all the stuff were
sometimes you go see a banner that's
scary and that's wonderful to be scared
by it
this music is like whoa and everything
that comes with it it's so fucking real
look out it can actually drive you
backwards
that's exhilarating and also on stage
that's the place for that yeah out in
real life doing that like while you're
at the ATM not so much you know yeah but
to to cut your tethers loose and go I
don't know what I'm gonna do tonight
which I have done many times and walk
out there but I will embody the emotion
that I'm feeling right now and and you
can go ahead and take that shit to the
ATM and deposit that because that's
what's gonna happen the problem is is if
you're not doing well then that's how
that yeah but you're gonna feel that
when you get out there but it is
supposed to well I'm willing to do
anything up there and I don't know why
because I feel like that's the place and
that's why because that's the place for
it it's that's the art of it well it's
also what you said that you enjoy the
randomness of it yeah I mean I think
that you're talking about manifesting if
you go up there with that spirit that
enjoying the randomness of
then this sometimes the spirit will move
you in a direction that you didn't even
expect well yeah yeah because um you
feel one with your actions so in the now
you have no choice
right and no preparation I'll it's too
late it's it's already done
the the preparation is over it's like a
fight yeah that like you're not gonna
learn anything extra till it's over
right now you have to be in the moment
there and I enjoy that because I enjoy
that it's too late
I love insurmountable odds that's all I
need to do something is tell me like
there's no way you're gonna make it I'll
be like that sounds great yeah well why
do we have to worry we're not gonna make
it
you know in it I mean there's something
to that and but I also realized like how
I guess the manifestation aspect of this
has gotten important to me again because
it's what I did in the beginning and as
I you know have these moments of being
lost and feeling like I don't understand
what's going on and wondering why when
really it's because of me you know yeah
that that the best thing I can do that's
why the records have gotten so dark
because that's all I'm seeing and it has
to be real so it is real dark you know
but there's a beauty in that too but I
don't want to make shit my new normal
my dad's always like don't get
accustomed to shit you know cuz it's
like once you get used to that you're
like this this is life this is normal
right is everyone cool and and people
end up people you love end up going no
it's not you know and and you go wait a
minute but I'm so used to it wow I
thought you were gonna hop in this
jacuzzi with me the temp was great it's
shit shit water and and I so I'm I'm
really like I'm so thankful to have like
a great group of a family of artists
that I get to collaborate with and like
my some great kids I got three of them
every time I go in a room there's
another one of them in there
you know there's so many fucking kids in
and my wife who like really has the
courage to help has had the courage her
whole life to like go that's it's time
to to go you know it's time to do this
like you know someone that has really
inspired me to have a partnership like
that is fuckin rad yeah you know I mean
talking about someone that has had a
really rough beginning but never blamed
doesn't spend pointing the finger and
blaming because they shit goes nowhere
some of the most interesting people in
the world the ones who had a rough
beginning yeah because of their hope
coping mechanisms then pinballing off
off and are getting to water strength
yeah well and that's the other thing is
the strength
mmm the strength to to go right now and
and that that strength for is so
inspiring for me it gives me strength
through her you know yeah like that's
beautiful what one things I always like
to talk to people that are famous about
is it's that this that word you're
famous no no no if you know you're
famous it's a weird thing right being
famous is a strange thing like no one
teaches you how to handle that no one
teaches you what to do I know advice
will help no advice no because your
experience is so unique yeah yeah and
there's a it's it's a very difficult
waters oh yeah do you and do you enjoy
that notoriety part of it at all Hawking
weird that's weird I find it I find it
very difficult hard to swim yeah hard to
stay it's in Elaine you and you know I
think of the king of comedy I was like
mmm you know that movie Janeiro yeah
yeah where it's like Jerry Lewis is
walking and my son loves you can I get
an autograph and he says I'm and I'm a
hurry because I hope you get cancer yeah
it's it's unusual to deal with that
twist yes yes and also um so much of the
way I was raised to be private and
things like that are looked at I was
like a dis now mm-hm
or like if someone says something bad
about you if you don't say
something back you're a pussy yeah well
or that like when you don't people buy
not your you're not you don't score any
points by not defending yourself to the
hilt in front of everybody
yeah but I just wasn't raised that way I
was raised to be like that's what I mean
well there's also an issue in this day
and age like if you defend yourself
against every single piece of criticism
you'll be lost you will not ever have a
life you do there's numbers again
unmanage when they know that you'll
engage yes you manifest them to come
back for more I don't know this is the
epitome of of what we're talking about
here and and being able to recognize
that just that have that understanding
of where it clicks and you go I can't
focus on those things right like I have
a beautiful daughter and two boys
I have a strong lovely wife who's an
incredible artist I have this family of
people how about them and not fucking
Gary who lives in Gary and you know what
I mean it's just Gary on Gary crime out
there you know yeah yeah it's um it's
it's a weird lesson to learn to that in
this day and age this world is very
different than it was twenty thirty
years ago the access that people have to
you though did you just grow up riding
your bike around and like he's down at
dinner it's like when the Sun Goes Down
right yeah you're like oh you mean in
forever
yeah it seemed like the Sun you know the
days were so long and now these kids are
like I know the kids that would prefer
to play a basketball game then go
outside and play a basketball game
mm-hmm and I was think I was think I I
think you fucked up I think it that's
fucked up it's supposed to be the other
way around the video games supposed to
be not as interesting as you look at
like the commercial like we're bringing
people together synergy you know and
like all the shit were like fuck you
face they're trying to sell bringing
people together but yeah exactly I think
it's the entire world took one net I
have three kids as well and it's
insanely hard I think to be a child
today I think to be a young adult today
too
I mean the pressures that people have is
a book Jonathan hate wrote called the
coddling of the American mind that
discusses the issue that kids are having
today with cell phones and depression
and because of social media use and that
especially girls so many girls are
cutting themselves and self-harm
suicides way up dude then there's a
direct correlation between the invention
of the smartphone and social media and
all these things to such a dick move to
call it a smartphone to because it's
it's presupposing if you disagree like
well I'm sorry tell me why you don't
like a smartphone right it's well yeah
well I know are smart people that have
switched notice you have this shit in
here I said oh yeah fuck is that okay
yeah because I'm sorry
yeah well Nick fit it don't worries man
we got a little filtration system we can
kick in I went to school of filtration
nice guy and he tried to at all to kick
those things I did but every time I have
like some cut type terrible event I got
I guess I got my Excuse back right yeah
it gives you something come on I'm
always your friends well it's yeah it's
yeah
come get a huh I'm the only thing that
will hurt you later later who's not even
real man taking two minutes off your
life those are the end ones those ones
suck well and also I blows my mind that
someone goes to work at Philip Morris
and has a good parking spot and like
it's the birds are singing and they're
like oh hey Sheila
hey Gary and they and they go in there
like want to talk to you about this high
school campaign in Burma like yeah are
you fuckin it's sort of it's sort of
akin to like like one day I had this
thought which many people have had
before me and many after but realizing
myself that there's these brilliant
minds that make these machines and craft
the whole thing and put a button that
and moron can touch yes who's this who's
the moron now right you you made all
that shit and then you made it easy for
this mouth-breather to
but it should have been complex calculus
and revved and pressing them certainly
the Macarena would have to be like face
activated to like so that you kind of
look like a dick right if you want it
sure if you want to blow this thing up
you got to kind of embarrass yourself
actually a very good idea well if a
friend of mine sold a really killer
house recently she's a real estate agent
she sold this really killer killer house
this guy who's in the tobacco industry
and we were talking about I was like wow
guys fucking margarine people I mean I
just like see you kids later
buying a badass house and slowly taking
away people's health but I'm in favor of
people being able to do it I mean in
both sides sell it and buy it that's
what's so strange is is that I somehow
there's something inside me that hates
rules so much because before we wrote
rules down there was the sort of organic
rules of like you know living with
people once there's more than a few huts
people are like all right no yelling
after 2:00 in the morning do we all want
that and no one fucks Gary he's 8 I know
what I mean don't fuck Gary yeah and and
then as more people come those are rules
organically change in the old ones fade
away hmm but for me today it's like
don't walk on the grass it's like really
the best part of this area what do you
think grass is for Gary you don't walk
in the grass is one of the dumbest
things you could say or yeah it's like
talking about me like I don't get it
yeah also you don't care you know I so
many times you see somebody and they're
there guarding a doorway no one will
ever go in or out of anyways they're
just sitting there and and that's when
I'm like do you want to water do you
want like a do you want a dr. pepper
that sure that's great do what do you
want and because I think you don't care
about this door I don't either
you know what's the who somebody does
and it's worth $10 an hour right someone
does that's never there that's why they
care about it because they don't know
shit about that door sometimes
you know and so I I abhor things that
make no sense like that I tie I'll tell
you an example of many times you know
you record late into the night and you
come to a 3 in the morning you in the
streets of the valley you come to a
stoplight and there's nobody coming in
any direction and then you're looking at
the light red there's no one I just go
after I know it's safe because the
function for this thing is now gone
right what am I supposed to listen I'm
born to listen to the color Reds come
now but then there might be like some
fucking cop hiding in their house vibes
all over for it for four times really
yeah
what do you say well I said the same
thing we're just two guys in the middle
of the night who want to go home it was
safe to go I shouldn't have went and I
won't do it again the cop let you go
every time and plus he had to go through
it to catch to even catch up to me
right you know what I mean what are we
doing here you know you don't care I
don't care I just was trying to go I
just want to go home
right and and I won't I'm sorry you're
aligned Stepford Josh smoking cigarettes
you're a rebel you gold tooth fucking
tattoos and your knuckles your goddamn
line stepper you should talk to no one
sir I understand but I also I also
understand that we can coexist and be
really wonderful to each other and omit
something that we both agrees if we both
say it's stupid yeah and we still do it
what what do we do the line is better
right exactly aren't you a sort of in a
minimum style obliged to even consider
stepping out yeah we need less rules
what if it wasn't a line at all and it
just like a piece of wood was laying
there and then someone picked it up and
someone was like is that a line what if
you're accidentally in a line that has
no business being formed you know it's
like I don't I think you owe it to
yourself to at least take the minute and
check that out if they came out with
cancerous cigarettes that were real
similar they were just like right next
to a Selleck almost indistinct like that
meatless burger I haven't
so you have one I was jamming holy shit
man maybe I want tacos yeah you haven't
had an impossible no how is it it's it's
probable it's so good
really oh my fucking god it's so good so
it tastes like a burger who cares it
tastes real good you know whatever it is
it's good like yeah like I always
thought the dumbest thing is fake bacon
cuz you're like there's no you have no
chance and you should just call it like
yeah lakyn or like or Lincoln or
something else like away from bacon like
it can just be its own thing right you
don't have to be like it's fake bake
bake heard that no you're not I you know
they haven't figured that out yet but
now I have figures yes that impossible
sausage I just hork that down like it's
that yeah I've what about it justjust I
never even bite it I just
hi what can they have an impossible
cigarette if they did though
my thought was people would still like
if they were really stressed out they
would want the real thing because part
of what they want is that fuck you I'm
just gonna fucking smoke a cigarette you
know that's what of it it's kind of like
the cha it's like chocolate in its own
way it's like a grosser chocolate I
suppose it's but it's that the thing
you're doing you know is bad but you're
doing it and part are you doing it's
like there's an acceptance
well I blame Matt Dillon for my case
yeah over the edge you know the
outsiders rumble fish stay gold Ponyboy
it's like like young toughs yeah
you know like whatever happened to that
guy Matt Dillon he's still there's all
kinds of shit I haven't seen him in
anything you're not looking I'm not
there he is look at him looks like
fucking cool dude you don't know if I
can do that shit when you're like I was
I was like a 12 years old 11 years
hanging out of his mouth looks so cool
I'm 11 and I'm like what school that
well that shit is pretty cool pretty
fucking cool yeah look at him
cigarette motorcycle jacket big smile
beautiful face whoa oh oh I thought
you're talking about Matt Taylor me a
both you know but him on the screen you
right here I'm just
yeah I mean it's um no cigarettes are a
weird one though right it's cuz they're
there but they should be I think they
should be available a hundred percent
but it's like I think whisky should be
available just like I think it should
pot shit I mean I put a post on
Instagram today because Joe Biden once
he thinks that pots a gateway drug and
he wants to keep it illegal spoken like
someone that doesn't ever smoke pot yeah
and also a gateway to ask it's a gateway
to like Doritos dust on your chest yeah
with his people that say it's a gateway
for them but I get if you or the person
who does meth because you smoke pot you
were probably gonna do meth anyway you
probably needed meth in your life well I
certainly think that that at the end of
the day if they took that money and then
put it into less fearful things that
work like talking about what drugs do
and like or what you might be masking by
taking them yes having an honest
dialogue yeah everything seems like a
dishonest dialogue
we're gonna go to we're gonna have a war
on terror we're gonna have a war on
drugs we're gonna have a war on this
yeah it's like can we start with a talk
about it first no I have to go right the
war you ever listen to Gabor Monta I
mean that's how you say his name he's a
doctor who speaks about drugs and
addiction and his take on it is at all
addiction almost all of it the the
origin of his trauma for sure yeah
childhood trauma abuse things that have
happened to you that we're terrible yeah
that led to you trying to let some same
blockage and making a dam yeah because
you think that'll stop whatever the
river of pain that you should just be
walking along as it's a trickle you're
walking through and this is the current
state of the art when you know or the
state of the science of in the studies
and terms in terms of like psychologists
and people that do counselling they
understand human beings that have
addiction problems so that's one of the
more offensive things about someone like
Joe Biden running for president saying
that it's like no you haven't done the
work that's a photo like yeah and in
fact because I've had so much experience
with various things I got more knowledge
about it than he does of course cuz I've
been through it yeah and and I
understand what why I would do those
things and I understand how
essentially it's just it's a band-aid
over an amputee wound yeah and what's
really more important is to like be
vulnerable enough to engage somebody you
know that word vulnerable is reading
this book it's called daring greatly by
Brunei brahmer something like it's
really wonderful and it even went in the
etymology of vulnerable the word
vulnerable which is a place that's
lacking armor and identifying that um is
a strength because you know where the
that spot is mm-hmm and that weakness is
is identifying that spot and doing
nothing right so they're almost this
this each a lens of the same situation
but just going in opposite directions
vulnerabilities the opposite of weakness
hmm and and uh and I think you have to
take a chance on people and you have to
take a chance on yourself and not just
be like they're bad as if they
themselves it's sort of like I blame the
devil for the things I do mmm it wasn't
me it was that it's the job you know
right how can how can you stand over a
mushroom on the ground and be like
you're illegal what's that there's worth
it yeah if you say you say you saw me do
that alone and pointed a mushroom and
you were like 40 feet away like you
would go the fuck it's going on over
there you're illegal yeah I want these
picked and taken to my house immediately
well what's crazy is Paul Stamets who's
was on my podcast last week he's a
mycologist he's a mushroom specialist
and one of the things that he talked
about was this one particular area in
the Pacific Northwest where psilocybin
mushrooms grow and cops literally wait
there people go to pick them and then
they what assert is W and Pat them down
and take the mushrooms from them and
arrest them what a dumb name plucked
something out of the ground think look
at our numbers yeah like what a weird
service so fucking stupid go for
mushrooms we'll take you to jail for
free it's like hilarious is calling
yourself an officer of the peace and
doing that piece of what piece of the
action
there's so much peace growing out of the
ground there what you're actually
arresting people for seeking peace I I
find that I don't want to ever
get swept away and in order to make my
point I have to run something up the
flagpole of extreme because everything
but the the modern word I actually like
is spectrum because it feels like a gas
tank of a gas knee like there's a blend
here right that we're looking for and so
on this on the subject of drugs and
things like that
everything gets run up the flagpole of
extreme and put into the same category
everything goes to full yeah yeah you
know what that is it's all of this is
bad
right right and even down to like be
good girls and boys we're like what the
fuck does that mean do what ever you say
that's bizarre yeah that's not good well
and why you're older than me your
parents fucked before mine did that's
okay that's a great that's a great
methodology for listening to somebody
yeah you know I'm older and it's like
and supposed to know more well we're
also imprisoned by our language to a
certain extent especially with the word
drug you know because I had the whole
time we've been talking I'm on a drug
I'm drinking this coffee right so this
is caffeine and you know you've got your
drug there you smoking cigarettes that's
naked too you know I don't it's not even
a truck man let it go yeah but I mean
the the concept of drugs like if someone
sees you with a Starbucks cop they don't
say oh my God look at that drug user but
that's clearly a drug I mean caffeine
affects you there's a reason why they
sell venti cuz people didn't get jacked
up enough on at all a drop yeah I
remember that shit oh yeah it's still
here
remember redline remember that stuff no
that's redline was a thing that people
would was like a workout drink but
people were dropping dead of it like its
name though it was a grandma and yeah
well you were fucking really 8000rpm
but it's it's I think it's more than one
serving one of those little fucking cans
too and nobody reads that shit it's not
four servings per can you like what am I
taking a sip and passing around at my
friend's I love that fuck out of here I
love that that would be a necessity for
a good workout though oh well it'll help
yeah yeah there was some shit used to be
able to buy I don't think he could buy
anymore called Ripped Fuel I remember
one time yeah it and went to jiu-jitsu
class and I almost had a fucking heart
attack I had to pull over to the side I
had to sit in the side of the mat like
dude my heart is pounded on my fucking
chest right now
you know Iram it's funny because those
types of supplements you know people
keep getting caught with tainted things
and you go how really is who's making
these yeah you know is that mean there's
also like yak hair in there too on
accident or what well what it is is a
lot of is coming out of places like
China where we had an issue with that
with my company on it where we were
selling we sell this thing called alpha
brain which is a cognitive enhancing
nootropic it's bunch of vitamins and
nutrients that enhance the way your
memory functions and we got it tested by
a third party and found a bunch of stuff
that was in there's not supposed to be
in there because and this is what the
lights just ran a blunt next no extra
vitamins and shit but what it is is
these companies that create these vats
what you say if you have a supplement
company so they're all in the same bowl
yeah that's exactly they don't clean the
bowl yeah that's really what it is so
that's where a lot of these athletes get
caught with like trace amounts of
steroids and it's just from a tainted
supplement you really got to clean your
bowls you gotta clean those balls I mean
I don't know how it works I don't know
how they clean them but but it happen
early no yeah in some countries in some
companies some shitty companies that
sell a lot of you know they'll have
steroids in in a viagra and or a bunch
of other stuff yeah and you buy in
vitamins you get both how are they
cleaning that I was like they just have
paid two guys to just blow into the
thing or yeah I don't know when it's
empty it's empty sometimes maybe they
don't clean it at all they just dump it
out dump out what's in there and then
pour the next thing and they don't give
a fuck
well I think you know really this whole
conversation is very connected it's
about the intention and engaging and
realizing there are no corners to cut
that you know every mountain has a
valley next to it that's the way it was
formed that's doing is your deficiency
wherever that is is it almost like a
flag your talent it's right next to it
and perhaps that's a really good way to
put it for kids do well for a kid that
can't pay attention in school I want to
be a one I want to be a wonderfully get
engaged father I it's something I love
and it's something that as they traverse
the ages and you have to keep adapting
the stuff that worked when they're five
don't work no more right when they're
seven or six yeah
when you've only had you know you know
like 50 months two or three months is
that's a big chunk of those months yeah
I I think what I love about my wife -
and is that we're both like how do we do
this
mmm engaged in that like that you're
learning as they're learning and that
that um that's can be fun too right
because you know how many times you
catch yourself saying like getting upset
about the perspective of a
three-year-old right we're like oh but
I'm not three right oh I see why you're
upset
I cuz you're three and so you think the
closet actually has a Hamas Hamas on it
oh that's cool cuz I can get my head
around that yeah let's talk to it yeah
it's interesting talking to a
three-year-old like my kids aren't 3
anymore but the youngest ones are 9 and
11 and I remember when they were three
you'd have these really weird
conversations like monsters are real
right
and I'm like well monsters aren't real
in terms of like the monsters you think
but there's things that are just as
scariest monsters that aren't like a
crocodile crocodile is a real thing and
then we would go to the internet and
show crocodiles like killing a zebra and
that which is probably not a smart thing
for a fucking adult to try
three-year-old but I'm feels like you
can teach the abstract to someone that's
not like if you were I love The
Apprentice the guild system so much not
the show The Apprentice
I love the actual get like Cooper's
barrels and stuff those are things where
you start by sweeping the floor mm-hmm
and you start by grabbing those rings
over here all you're equipped to do is
touch them right now
Wray Wray Wray and slowly work your way
up to be able to put the way to the
barrel I'm sick of touching them and
then you think to yourself oh cool only
three more weeks of that and you should
be so ready to do something else that
you'll pay attention to what I have to
say
yeah you start with nothing and you get
a little bit until you declare I'm sick
of handling this cuz I fucking got it
you know and then you go okay well if
you're that if you're that big for your
britches why don't I add one more thing
that's one of the dangers of our instant
access on-demand Google this instant
answers being able stream this press at
any time you want this societies that
people don't understand the value of
wanting something pursuing it and having
a long road to accomplishing it the gift
of nothing yeah like where I'm feel
really blessed to be from death's
because there wasn't a thing to do and
when you tried to do some the police the
local police because they had nothing to
do we're like probably gonna drive over
your skateboard and you'd be like why
he'd do that why what the fuck yeah so
you you you plunge yourself into more
esoteric locations and hobbies because
of sheer fucking boredom mmm and boredom
is good fucking amazing it's really good
anyway so it's so important and four to
five minutes you know know it that like
that's why I do that's why I don't play
basketball because I'm playing a
basketball game it's already going on
mmm that's like shootings hard to get
sweaty well it's it's also it's like
you're doing something with your body
and your mind or as you're sitting there
just with the video game just moving
your thumbs around engaging with
something you're not going anywhere
you're not getting out well there's
something about the way those waves are
which says you're in high anxiety or in
conflict here in this year you're you're
doing it all the think your brain is
alive your brain is doing everything
that that is associated with moving and
getting in there in competition and your
body
it's got Doritos dust on your chest and
inside your belly button yeah so it's
the the absence of connection between
body and mind which which when you're at
your best when you're at your best isn't
your body and mine one like a picture of
this man who's climbing this moon this
giant majiggy that we'll all like this
is the this is the moment to be engaged
and both body of mine because that feels
good yeah you know III reckon you just
get depressed doing that plane that all
the time some some people do so and some
people love it but some people become
drone pilots yeah that's true too and
and and and and one day it dawns on them
what has occurred well they say that
that's a severe source of PTSD that a
lot of those drone pilots even though
they're not physically there a lot of
them have pretty severe pt.1 day that
dam breaks mm-hmm and and and you feel
yourself drowning and they understand
the connection between their actions and
and your fur and the PTSD is that you
are forced to go downstream and realize
like the old way of me must be gone it
must it must I'll must let that drowned
you know otherwise you're stuck in their
loop of of that realization that you
that you wasted time building a dam as
if that were the coolest thing ever
yeah instead of walking along the river
and going downstream and dealing with
the trickle as as it should be you know
hey let me ask you this about cigarettes
have you ever tried vaping I tried for a
sec but it looks stupid like do me a say
would you bring up that picture of Jimi
Hendrix when he's vaping thank god you
can't can you imagine Jimi had you one
of those lunchbox ones those big old fat
ones with a robot dick in the end of it
yeah not Jimmy know me well it looks
like a pump for like you know like for
pumping water out of a pool yeah
yeah what is that why are they getting
those big ones what is the what's the
benefit of those giant batteries I think
it's just going all in and saying oh
that
like I'm doing this so I'm doing the
whole thing I'm doing the most you know
it's it's like what I see those those
motorcycle cars which are two wheels up
front and one in the back right and I
think like it's a bit like the Segway
and taking it to the lamest thing you
could all the way
there's always something the Segway is
those things handled
better than a motorcycle I can't handle
them no well certainly they're more
stable because the details are upfront
but right I'm not riding a motorcycle
for stability you're not but some people
are right some people the guys who write
those Hayabusas and shit like that well
to each his own I don't ever want to
stand in the way of my own joy let alone
someone else's but you like cruisers
right I got out there's not a Harley
that's that's my grandpa bike so like
take my gal the movies or dinner or
something and just enjoy her arms around
my waist you know what I mean and to go
slow and and listen to NPR on 20 or
listen to do you ever just drive with no
music of course yeah of course I have a
Corvette 1965 Corvette no it's got no
radio in it it's one things I love about
it yeah when I Drive that thing I just
drive that's why that's why I like to
drive back home to the devs because you
know me just being me and experiencing
what's going on yeah it is fine
yeah the sensations it's like it's to me
it's it's almost like a form of
meditation as well because you you have
to pay attention like you're saying I
mean mine doesn't have a roof it's a
convertible so I'm feeling the air I see
the stars and you have to look at
everything around you and those cars you
really feel the road oh so if you run
over a P like you definitely get
princess out a 67 Camaro I've had some
great it was my first car oh that's
amazing you have your first car yeah
fuck yeah
god damn and there's been times when
I've I haven't done well or something
I've had to sleep in it and all these
things so we have this long relationship
and it never breaks down it's always
just wonderful - we're wonderful to each
other and uh and you feel the road when
you hit something you're like hey right
and so you're attached to it and I I
love riding in a caddy or something like
that to where it's like you could run
over multiple bodies and and feel
nothing right but but but I enjoy the
drive one
when I'm on the road sitting on a seat
with five wheels one of my hand and four
on the road it's a great experience my
old man for a brief second has 65
Corvette Stingray Derek amazing cars
they're just the way that thing looks
like they just nailed it
it's very organic yeah they nail it's
definitely taken off of a stingray like
sometimes like well it's I don't know I
mean it doesn't really look like a
stingray to me but what it looks like
it's that front like yeah it's there's
that bit of that shaping that
inspiration on the shape up to me I
guess yeah and I think III I'm so always
that last one it's like if you could
make something and you're gonna ask
everyone to help you and we're gonna
grab all this shit from wherever we're
gonna grab it from can we make it look
cool or no like what is your aversion to
not everything has to look like an egg
or a drop of water right and if it does
can we do that like it's cool-looking as
possible if you're never late it should
look great
because that don't you feel good in that
car
oh yeah yeah it looks great yeah look
and it's it's also to me it's like
you're rolling around in a piece of
history
so yeah 1965 you know it's like that
that thing was created in you know the
early 60s someone figured it out and put
it together and then made a production
line and did the most important thing
ever they said this is where we stop yep
we're good yeah and they were like this
is what it looks like when it's finished
mm-hmm a completed thought yeah and and
and other people like fuckin good idea
man and and I just I have a 67 you have
a 65 like that doesn't mean there aren't
things made today it just means like I'm
down with that idea and it's also it's
it captures a very specific time in
American history where they made these
cars that were worthwhile because when
you go to 77 nobody gives a fuck about a
77 anything yeah you know you know I
mean like who's buying a 77 Mustang get
the fucking thing away from me you know
there's a lot of people selling them
well I also think to this this guy
pulled up on me and
Prius that was quite new and he rolled
down the window and just looked at me
and waved his hand over his nose like
and he goes stinky no way really
yeah I'm Fairfax kind of by the Whole
Foods there at Santa Santa Monica and uh
and I just thought this is my first car
I haven't got another one so you've
probably gotten multiple new cars that's
the only car you've had I had a Bronco
and we have a family car your whole life
that's it
I had a Magnum for a sec but I never
sold this car what Magnum I can't
believe you never said that is so cool
you never sold your first car and it was
a 67 Camaro like I've had a lot of
experiences in there that were that were
wonderful and some of they were
challenging and they're all it's it's
incredible to have locked into that car
yeah I mean but it's the shape to that's
like one of the great all-time iconic
shapes in automotive history that first
one was like an attempt to be like
Mustangs Mustang yeah and and they
really hit it out of the park because c7
68 and 69 you can almost hear the
Mustang going like well yeah you know
because the it's it's it's beautiful
yeah and but I was thinking this guy
like I see what he was trying to say but
uh he's probably can he's probably
bought a shit ton of cars which is way
worse for the footprint just off thing
plus batteries are made on three common
what is he's gonna do fix you by going
stinky he's just being a twat he's
trying to build himself up again by
breaking me down but like my grandpa has
said he didn't swear very much but he
one of the things he was like I'd have
to give a shit for it's a matter and I
just kind of chuckled because I was like
thank God I ain't riding there in the
car with him you know yeah because
certainly he's going up to the next like
Monte Carlo and it's like stinky yeah
it's not like a stinky parade driving
around his car that gets 50 miles to the
gallon just mocking everything with a v8
yeah but also like on a stinky parade
and that's that's a that's a something I
don't want to float on it's a lot of
negativity pumping out there yeah but
it's just weird to roll down your window
do that debate like well certainly
that's too much free time in my book
you know what says too much
self-righteousness yeah stinky stink
there it is look at that one done up
whoo look at that bad boy
oh well god damned if I could turn on my
do you mind if I turn this on I'll show
you pictures that yours that my look is
says it's yours is it not yours I don't
think that's his isn't yours black or is
your silver
yeah it's silver is it like that it
looks a lot like that except I don't
have those actually I used to have I
that's real close but that's not it fuck
you Internet but it's it's strikingly
close for example this has no door
handles and no mirrors on yours and mine
does it also has a hood scoop from what
seems to be a Corvette actually which
mine does not have and those rims are
much like the ones I had on my Magnum
but not what I have them I think that's
the hood from 69 4 to 7 I think the SS
and the better that's it right there it
is that's beautiful man yeah and I'll
show you what it looks like right now
because I ended up dropping a crate
engine because in there which is a GM
which one it's a Dino blueprinted 350
well with aluminum heads so where's
again our pounds left and it sounds like
you're stepping on glass like an endless
Mazel Tov parade yeah because like yeah
like you know with like a glass and a
hank yeah well they're like ma like
glass pack mufflers well I
in truth I tried to calm that down
because as you crest a hundred miles an
hour it with the mufflers too loud it's
like what yes it like scheana in a b-52
bomber for no reason like you know and
uh let's see my rides I'll show it if
you if you don't mind now because uh
it's pretty it's lovely when did you put
those the crate engine into it about
five years ago and what a great idea
that was oh yeah change the balance of
the car right oh yeah it's got a new
front rear
under it and so so it's on Rails like
you know you couldn't roll that thing if
you if you like lubed up the freeway
like yes and I got these hopster oh yeah
hopster rims on it oh god that looks
good you know you know what's amazing
about it is um I get in that car and I
take the kids to school or something and
it's the its contagious because what
happens is you feel really good as you
know you get in your it's 65 and you
feel really good and you pull up with a
smile on your face and go hey and it's a
daily driver of this thing yeah it's my
daily driver and so that's a perfect
Rockstar daily driver by the way well
it's a 67 Camaro it's it's the what it
is is something that makes me feel
really good that is not part of a crisis
yeah you're not midlife now yeah not pre
life not polite it's just it's just mine
and and I feel like myself in there the
kids get in there I have five point
seatbelts so you don't need a car seat
because I have a seat belt that's it
makes a car seat look like you're doing
okay right it's it's a harness with
Springs that like slip mm-hmm anyways so
they can be in the car as as it is and
take them to school and and kid kids go
like whoa and they get to get out in
that yeah that's how they start their
day
right right right and it's a little
adventure that shit is tight yeah it's
tight man like even being in traffic
like people are really nice to you too
they they pull up and they go yeah most
of them yeah well some go stinky but you
know behind it find the ass of something
cool is stinking yeah it's like check
out my ass as I as I take a crate engine
it's got to do much better in terms of
emissions oh who cares you know the fact
of the matter is is that as that the
responsibility should be on these
plastic companies and these oil
companies that have negated their
responsibility to like
you should be allowed to just like shit
into the air or the environment at a
record pace just so you can make dough
at the expense of everybody well they
had a different thing that you just did
recently where they did a satellite
image of all the methane in Los Angeles
and they were thinking well we're gonna
we're gonna find out where all these
toxic greenhouse gases are coming from
and an exorbitant number of them were
coming from landfills you know just like
steaming piles of steaming piles his
releasing terrible terrible gas into
into the air I can't I can't help I
can't help but think that you couldn't
take that mulch it and turn it into
something that would power something
yeah I think they're eventually going to
be able to figure that out you know
you're talking about the garbage patch
there's a guy named boy onslaught I love
them yeah he's coming back I had just
emailed the dutchman the young yeah he's
got a new one that he just installed in
rivers so he's cleaning up these rivers
in these third-world countries that are
you know extremely polluted and the
they're figuring out technologies to
extract all these pollutants and then
you could actually make a commodity out
of the stuff that they pull so like the
plastic that he's gonna pull from the
ocean is gonna be valuable it's gonna be
worth can be read yeah reuse I think it
would be a wonderful thing if we could
agree that this probably enough plastic
already and to keep remaking more new
what probably is unnecessary well what's
really unnecessary is using fossil fuel
plastic because there's biodegradable
plastic they can make from hemp this has
been well head on this parent of the
wonder drug for so long yeah really I
mean the Constitution's written on hemp
paper and and and you tell someone that
they're like well well I think is the
Declaration of Independence but yeah I
mean in also Declaration of Kota yeah
and codependence one of the drafts of
the Declaration of Independence written
on hemp but also like the sales of the
fuzz so all the ships every every ship
that crossed the ocean every great work
of art is written on canvas that was
made with hemp this helped to close that
and doesn't fuck with the soil and now
but I once saw you standing over that
plant screaming illegal illegal hey dude
I gotta wrap this up man a pleasure to
talk to you I've been a big fan for a
long time so I'm a big fan of yours as
well and
I loved your last special bits between
cats and dogs it it was so true it was
hard for me to watch well thank you
thank you and your this desert sessions
is it available
yeah it's available it's fine it's fine
what is it called it's desert sessions
11 and 12 it's a series of music but if
you want to check it out if you don't go
check it out you Fox
thank you brother appreciate it thank
you bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]